---
title: Tchau 2015
permalink: /tchau-2015/
layout: post
subtitle: "I’ll never forget the trouble, the utter lostness, the taste of ashes, the poison I’ve swallowed.  I remember it all—oh, how well I remember— the feeling of hitting the bottom.  But there’s one other thing I remember, and remembering, I keep a grip on hope."
header-img: "img/bg/sunset.jpg"
---
It is easy for me to remember my wish back on December 31 last year. I told my wife: I have no new things to ask for 2015, I just wish it can be as good as 2014 was.

It took no more than three weeks for me to realize that this wish would not be granted. At least, not the way I had pictured it in my mind. January brought bad news for business. Evil and dark days, full of stress and a lot of questions about the future. At the same time, we hosted friends from Brazil. Nice people that had no idea what was happening in my personal life. I had to exercise a lot of self-control to overcome my inner fears, so I could try to be the friend they deserved.

After all, 2015 was a year like many others; we planned it very well and... life happened. We had to improvise a lot.

Now, watching the last sunset of 2015 I can remember a lot of bad things that happened this year. Yes, I can write a page full of disappointments, loneliness, and stress. However, I'm gonna try to listen to the Israelite prophet Jeremiah:

**I’ll never forget the trouble, the utter lostness, the taste of ashes, the poison I’ve swallowed.
I remember it all—oh, how well I remember— the feeling of hitting the bottom.
But there’s one other thing I remember, and remembering, I keep a grip on hope.**

So, I will save this last few hours of the day to be grateful. God has been so good to me this year.

I remember all the amazing days I spent with my best friend. Countless beach days. Good partnership in the gym. The beautiful days hiking in Hollywood and Malibu or the exhausting trails in Palos Verdes or Waimea Canyon. We've ride cars, airplanes, helicopters, bikes, surfboards. We've seen Rocky and Star Wars, we had a 10th-year anniversary dinner at the Pretty Woman's restaurant in Beverly Hills. We've shared dreams and nightmares, and we've done everything together. I'm pretty sure that, when the last day comes, the last breath will be full of memories of you and the amazing days you gave me in this crazy life. Love you, Joana.

I've hosted my parents here in California. Oh man, there are not enough words to describe the feelings. We've been apart for so long; I've cried so many lonely tears, so many incertitudes about the future. But after all, I could finally show you "My city". My places, my favorite restaurants, my favorite beaches. We've created so many new memories that I can't wait to meet you again.

2015 had tons of cool trips and events. Portland, PCH, Kauai, U2, TobyMac(Again!), Indycar, NBA, UFC, WSL, Museums... man, I had a ton of fun!

I've read again what I wrote back in 2012, 2013 and 2014 and as much I live as much I learn that life is what happens while I'm planning life.

My prayer for 2016 is that God make me wise to enjoy each day here, that I can make each moment count and that I can remember that at the very last I should never forget to hug my loved ones, be a good friend and have a grateful heart, because if I fill my mind with things I'm grateful for I will have no time to be stressed or upset.

2016, here we go!
